# Announcements

- Hope you all had a good break!
- May need to do some re-introductions for new folks
- Will start reading Workshop Lead applications soon
    - No worries if not selected, can still make meaningful contributions to workshop preparation
- Reflection for last quarter:
    - Hosted three workshops, plus a WoW
        - Three iterations of the AI/ML Workshop, all for different age groups
    - What has this taught us?
        - We need to frame workshops differently for varying age groups.
            - High school: Okay to utilize powerpoints as part of the lesson plan. Keep including activities like programming exercises to supplement learning.
            - Middle school: Need to be more creative with what type of activities to include to teach these kids. More hyper and shorter attention spans. Less reliance on slides. Use discussions. Give as little control to them as possible, i.e., don’t use an open whiteboard on devices. Ex: Google Quickdraw and the Impossible Quiz.
            - Elementary: Try to use slides as little as possible, and focus on activities and discussion. Be sure to not get too technical, since this audience does not have much experience with programming/technology. Emphasize real world examples when teaching concepts. Ex: classify objects as trash/recycle resembles supervised learning, asking them to group objects on their own resembles unsupervised learning.
    - A resource from Ryan Lay himself (will make a guideline doc for reference when creating future workshops): https://github.com/totally-not-frito-lays/workshops/blob/main/concepts/workshop-of-workshops/index.md
- No workshops so far, currently in contact with a teacher but no response so far :(

# Action Items

- Continue building upon our workshop ideating from last quarter
    - WebDev workshop
    - Mini Chatbot workshop
    - Other ideas???
- Goal: Push out two workshops by the end of the quarter

Link to Workshop Ideation (again for quick reference): https://docs.google.com/document/d/15wUDpPR3U_obTNDlByiNeFTTddy77j40yKTmZ3HBOvY/edit?usp=sharing
